don't blink don't even blink blink and
you're dead they are fast faster than
you could believe don't turn your back
don't look away and don't blink
hello my name is Jack and welcome to day
6 of Maude marathon where I upload a
different watch showcase every day this
week
in today's video I'm going to be
showcasing the weeping angels Maude so
there are a couple of new items one of
which being these weeping angel statues
as you can see I can place these and
these are actually a rare drop when you
kill the weeping angels and you'll see
that they are in a different position
depending on what angle you are at when
you place them these can't actually kill
you as as far as I know
so the weeping angels themselves have a
2% spawn rate which is incredibly rare
which is why for the benefit of this
short case I've got some hairs bonus so
when I spawn on in you see that the
weeping angel is just covering its eyes
and it is not moving because if you
don't know weeping angels are completely
powerless when you are looking at them
but the second you look aware they will
move incredibly fast in order to get you
and when they get you you will get
traveled back in time so that's never
good um see see now he's not moving at
our old mic so you'll notice that while
I'm staring at the weeping angel it is
not moving at all
but if I slowly start to buckle where
and then I turn it just a second oh it's
moved closer and chin position so it's
hands no longer covering its eyes that's
pretty scary
and so you notice I can't hit it and
that's because you can only hit it with
a pickaxe and I send iron pickaxe in
normal modes but in hard mode it has to
be at least diamonds so if you see one
of these and you don't have either of
those tools you're basically screwed so
now I'm going to slowly step away again
and if I just turn oh there it is
oh good um there are a lot of other
monsters which I'm conscious of because
I don't want another incident with
I don't want to know that creep that's a
turnip chicken you this is not your
fight chicken get out of here Jesus
Christ so I'm just gonna break these
leaves so I can see this little guy
again okay looks like was safe can I do
a quick 360 oh oh there it is
so he's climbed up again and get back
down no we can't do that oh oh oh no
okay
oh he'll cut so go now it's got its
mouth open so that looks pretty scary
time to do a quick little 360 for no oka
so there we go hit me for one and a half
health that time god these things are so
scary
no let's let's get a few of them up in
here let's just see how this happens so
you see we're safe right now
Oh God see see it just went dark and
that's because they will actually put
out any type of light source and I will
try and get us well know so it looks
like we're safe for now
and none of them are looking at me what
if I do the Oh cut that is terrifying so
as long as you're keeping your eye on
them you are safe oh here's a spider
please get out of here oh good
so that guy just managed to get a strike
on oh no what
um
Oh what Oh God where on earth I like so
there is a 1 in 30 chance that when you
are hit by a weeping angel you will get
teleported at least 200 blocks away so
that's a pretty inconvenience so now I
usually have no idea where I am you
imagine if this if you're actually doing
like a proper let's play world and that
happened then I could be pretty
catastrophic especially if you didn't
have a pickaxe because in that case you
would have a hard time digging up and
you could be teleported anyway it could
be underground in a cave like I clean or
it could be just like somewhere else on
the world Hey look emerald oh hello my
good oh look
No yeah they're knocking the torches
down oh my god oh Jesus Christ this is
too scary oh my god I didn't know they
screamed not nice scared the bejeebers
out of me
I've never actually been scared so much
in my life uh quick guys I don't want to
do this anymore no see they're knocking
the torches down Oh God
you can see it getting darker oh my god
this is so scary
this is so scary okay let's place the
torch down all right um I think oh my
God look at them knocking the torches
down this is terrifying
okay 360 Oh
oh they're actually making noises I
didn't even know they made noises let's
get a full volume on I just hear that
the puttering of their feet is a edge
ever close oka not to touch to get away
from me you fiends
I've got listen to the noises this is
terrifying what is that in the distance
what is that one Oh God
oh my stop it hey no bad weeping angel
that's my torch we think the stop this
is so so scary okay it's kind of
becoming a dead end now this isn't good
run well that's a big drop folks no stay
this is good um how do i combat this
okay oh yeah so they'll go guys that is
the weeping angels mode a very very cool
mode and I've just noticed that when
you're in a five mode they will run and
you can actually see them and it kind of
looks like they're just constantly
facepalming over and over again that's
pretty funny so anyway guys make sure
you check this mod house in the
description and while you're down there
please do consider liking and maybe
subscribing to the channel but anyway
guys stay tuned for the final day of mod
marathon which will be helped tomorrow
I'll make sure that it's a good one
my name's Jack I'll see you next time
Oh